doc: Add documentation styleguide, update some docs to adhere (#3397)
f3d-app/f3d: CONTRIBUTING.md

## How to contribute to the documentation

Another way to contribute is to improve the documentation, look for typos, and improve phrasing, examples, and the gallery.
This does not require building F3D or learning C++ and is very important work!
When writing or editing documentation, follow the [documentation style guide](doc/dev/15-DOCUMENTATION_STYLE.md).

You can follow the workflow described below.

## How to get started with development

Where to start depends on the kind of contribution you have in mind:

> - **Documentation only**: no build is required. Write your changes following the [documentation style guide](doc/dev/15-DOCUMENTATION_STYLE.md), then preview them with the [website preview recipe](doc/dev/07-TOOLING.md#how-to-locally-generate-and-run-the-website).

Reviewer: TBH  building the website locally is not required, for small changes, relying on CI only is perfecly fine.

Author: Noted

> - **Code contributions**: start with our [Getting Started guide](doc/dev/04-GETTING_STARTED.md), then follow the [Build guide](doc/dev/05-BUILD.md). After that, read the [Architecture](doc/dev/08-ARCHITECTURE.md) page and the [F3D mentoring program](doc/dev/13-MENTORING.md) if you want more guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Code contributions**: start with our [Getting Started guide](doc/dev/04-GETTING_STARTED.md), then check out the [Build guide](doc/dev/05-BUILD.md) if needed. After that, read the [Architecture](doc/dev/08-ARCHITECTURE.md) page, you can even sign up to the [F3D mentoring program](doc/dev/13-MENTORING.md) if you want more guidance.
```

> Once you know which path applies, take a look at the open [issues](https://github.com/f3d-app/f3d/issues).

Reviewer: maybe use the help wanted link ? many issues are not available to pick up by anyone.

Author: Done!

Reviewer: I dont see this change

It is also recommended to reach out on [Discord](https://discord.f3d.app) to simplify communication, but it is not required.

You can then fix the issue or implement the feature on your side and contribute it to the F3D repository by following the workflow described below.

Of course, if you are already using F3D and want to improve it for your specific needs, because you want a feature or found a bug,
that is definitely possible. Feel free to reach out for guidance by opening an issue or asking on [Discord](https://discord.f3d.app).

## AI policy

> F3D has a dedicated [AI policy](AI_POLICY.md). If you are an AI user, make sure to read it and comply with it.

Reviewer: why removing the banned part ?

Author: Restored!

## F3D development workflow

F3D uses [GitLab Flow](https://about.gitlab.com/topics/version-control/what-is-gitlab-flow/). In a few words, here is how to contribute:

- [Fork](https://github.com/f3d-app/f3d/fork) the F3D repository on GitHub.
- Comment on a chosen issue, if any, so it can be assigned to you by a maintainer.

> - Create and push a new feature branch on your fork containing new commits, do not use a `main` or `master` branch.

Reviewer: not sure about this change.

Author: Would have been better to say `the`, i think? I just restored back to original, that's okay too
